README.md, before:

# Post Types List Widget

![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ArmandPhilippot/post-types-list-widget?color=blue&colorA=4c4f56&label=License&style=flat-square) ![Version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/ArmandPhilippot/post-types-list-widget?color=blue&colorA=4c4f56&label=Version&style=flat-square)

A WordPress Widget to display a list of posts by post types.

## Presentation

This widget can be place in your sidebar to display a list of posts by post types. It allows you to choose:

-   between the default post types and your custom post types
-   if all posts must be displayed or if you prefer to set a number of posts
-   a sorting method (publication date, title...) and a sorting order
-   which data to display (dates, excerpt...)

If you have sticky posts, you may want checked "_Ignore sticky post_" to prevent them to appear at the top of the list.

## Installation

### Composer installation

You can use Composer to install this plugin as a dependency if you use custom installers:

```
{
"require": {
    "armandphilippot/post-types-list-widget": "dev-master"
}
"repositories": [{
    "type": "git",
    "url": "git@github.com:ArmandPhilippot/post-types-list-widget.git"
}]
```

### Manual installation

You can download this plugin on Github, then extract it in `/wp-content/plugins/` directory.

## Usage

1. Navigate to the "_Plugins_" dashboard page and click on "_Activate_".
2. Add "_**Post Types**_" to a widget area through the "_Widgets_" menu in WordPress.
3. Configure settings.

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](https://github.com/ArmandPhilippot/post-types-list-widget/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

docs: complete the widget presentation and add some screenshots

README.md, after:

# Post Types List Widget

![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ArmandPhilippot/post-types-list-widget?color=blue&colorA=4c4f56&label=License&style=flat-square) ![Version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/ArmandPhilippot/post-types-list-widget?color=blue&colorA=4c4f56&label=Version&style=flat-square)

A WordPress Widget to display a list of posts by post types with custom options.

## Presentation

This widget can be place in your sidebar to display a list of posts by post types. It allows you to choose:

-   between the default post types and your custom post types
-   if all posts must be displayed or if you prefer to set a number of posts
-   a sorting method (publication date, title, random...) and a sorting order
-   an additional sorting method (optional)
-   which data to display (dates, excerpt...)

If you have sticky posts, you may want checked "_Ignore sticky post_" to prevent them to appear at the top of the list.

Although the name of the widget is not very explicit, it allows you to build custom queries through `WP_Query` but all arguments are not available. At first, the idea was to list all posts for custom post types a little like the Categories widget. Then, I decide to add more options to make the widget more reusable.

## Installation

### Composer installation

You can use Composer to install this plugin as a dependency if you use custom installers:

```
{
"require": {
    "armandphilippot/post-types-list-widget": "dev-master"
}
"repositories": [{
    "type": "git",
    "url": "git@github.com:ArmandPhilippot/post-types-list-widget.git"
}]
```

### Manual installation

You can download this plugin on Github, then extract it in `/wp-content/plugins/` directory.

## Usage

1. Navigate to the "_Plugins_" dashboard page and click on "_Activate_".
2. Add "_**Post Types**_" to a widget area through the "_Widgets_" menu in WordPress.
3. Configure settings.

## Screenshots

| Admin view                                                 | Public view                                                  |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| ![Admin view](assets/img/post-types-list-widget-admin.jpg) | ![Public view](assets/img/post-types-list-widget-public.jpg) |

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](https://github.com/ArmandPhilippot/post-types-list-widget/blob/master/LICENSE).
